Add signInActivity to v1 (#20594)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/signinactivity.md

---
title: "signInActivity resource type"
description: "Provides the last interactive or non-interactive sign-in time for a specific user."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "besiler"
ms.prod: "identity-and-access-reports"
doc_type: "resourcePageType"
---

# signInActivity resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Provides the last interactive or non-interactive sign-in time for a specific [user](user.md). Since signInActivity describes a property of the user object, Azure AD stores signinactivity for your users for as long as the user objects exist. 

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Provides the last interactive or non-interactive sign-in time for a specific [user](user.md). Since signInActivity describes a property of the user object, Azure AD stores sign in activity for your users for as long as the user object exists. 
```

|lastNonInteractiveSignInRequestId|String|Request identifier of the last non-interactive sign-in performed by this user.|

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.signInActivity",
  "baseType": null
}-->

```json
{

>   "lastSignInDateTime": "String (timestamp)",

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.signInActivity",
  "lastSignInDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
```
